Adding book-dash-collaboration image.md (#3690)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/bookdash.md

_The Turing Way_ [Book Dash events](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/bookdash.html) are a less intense version of [Book Sprints](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book_sprint), where participants collaboratively work on _The Turing Way_ book synchronously to develop new chapters and review/edit existing ones to make them more accessible, comprehensive and up-to-date.
They also contribute to enhancing the project by improving the ways we work in the community and take the lead on accomplishing different tasks or subprojects.

> ```{figure} ../../figures/book-dash-collaboration.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{figure} ../figures/book-dash-collaboration.*
```

---
height: 500px
name: book-dash-collaboration

> alt: Cartoon-like sketch of a big yellow tree in the centre of image. A diverse group of people, all pictured within a yellow, green and orange colour scheme, including a person using a wheelchair and people from different backgorunds are watering and maintaining it with the help of 2 ladders. The title reads 'The Turing Way book dash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: Cartoon-like sketch of a big yellow tree in the centre of image. A diverse group of people, all pictured within a yellow, green and orange colour scheme, including a person using a wheelchair and people from different backgrounds are watering and maintaining the tree with the help of 2 ladders. The title reads 'The Turing Way book dash.
```
